In my opinion, the literature program was created by Balzac-aged ladies based on their interests.
From 19th century Russian literature, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote belle-lettres, of course, from the point of view of those same Balzac-aged ladies.
But the psychology and agonies of Tolstoy's and Turgenev's heroines are not that interesting for teenagers.
Teenagers are generally rarely interested in the psychology of characters.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Maybe the roses were plush to portray a certain variety of them?
There are roses with a color and petal structure resembling velvet, usually dark red, burgundy tones.
But light roses look different, the petals have exactly satin or silky shine.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls seem to be color-blind.
Bears eat carrion...
NEVER look a gorilla in the eye; some safari parks issue visitors with glasses that have painted eyes looking away.
Bees, moreover, navigate using smell...
Promtex Micropacket Prestige Mattress 105х195.
The Micropacket Prestige model: comfort and natural composition.
The two sides of the mattress have different firmness: the medium firm surface is made from coconut fiber and natural latex, and the moderately soft one is from a natural latex slab.
The spring unit with 1,000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the sleeper's body, preventing the "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Another advantage of this model is its breathable materials.
The latex perforated for air permeability is naturally well-ventilated, as is the coconut coir.
This ensures a healthy micro-climate for the sleeping area.
There is also an extended warranty for this mattress.
The official warranty from the manufacturer is valid for 5 years, but the mattress will actually last longer.
Protection from dust and dirt is delegated to the removable Jacquard cover that comes with the package.
You can buy an orthopedic pillow to complement the mattress, which is recommended to keep your spine in the optimal position during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of each side — coconut anatomically supports the back and latex relaxes the muscles.
Turn your brain on and kick that sort of relative out!
Better to have none than this...
Either look for a third-party driver, or one who is ready to commit and work with you for a share.
If it does not work out, sell the car, even at a loss; do not be stingy.
Next time you will think harder about what you are doing...
Andrei, it has been clearly explained to you that there are pension-age women working in the schools, they are not going to work with a command line.
The IT teacher will not be able to help either, he was never taught that; school kids are playing games in Windows.
So there is no support of any kind.
I recall the feasts and guests in my parents' house with terror.
Guests are at the doorstep, but the cutlets are still being finished roasting, and my bedraggled mother is cleaning the floor.
Good God, he was already exhausted by the time he sat down at the table.
And then you have to do the dishes and tidy up the house.
For a week before the holiday you are hauling groceries about; two days of cooking and a day of cleaning after.
And as for the guests?
It is all great for them, and the cake is brought along as well.
Since then I have disliked holidays and guests.
Even for my own family I lay the table with minimal effort.
But I make them tasty snacks; I bake very often just like that.
Germany: a fourth coronavirus vaccination is inevitable
A fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or fall of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the final one, but will continue with renewed force.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, neither two nor three doses of the coronavirus vaccine will probably be enough for complete protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners Ulrich Weigeldt is convinced of this.
This was reported by Die Welt on Saturday, December 11.
"We expect that a fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, in the fall at the latest," the expert believes.
In addition, Weigeldt hopes that the fourth coronavirus vaccination can be carried out "in combination with the flu vaccination".
This will help to achieve the best results.
In addition, the increased vaccination can help fight the spread of the Omicron new coronavirus strain.
Moreover, the new variant is especially dangerous.
Thus, reinfection with Omicron is three times more likely than with the Delta or Beta strains.
Evidence of this comes from the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
I hadn’t wanted to make a mess, so I sat down quietly and the bloke probably didn't notice me.
I was hoping he would leave before anything came out, but of course a fox came a moment later.
I let it approach within 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
The poor fisherman almost shat himself, waving his head torch everywhere, so I called out to him that it was just a fox.
By the time I got off the deer-stand, he was gone.
I.e. Even a meadow can be a mess.
On the other hand, it's not a war, it would have to be a confluence of a lot of coincidences for something to happen, you'd probably be seen in a thermal imaging camera, which almost everyone has nowadays.
So, in a visible place, put your expensive stuff at your feet in your sleeping bag and you should be fine.
Vojtěch vs. Hamáček.
The Ministry of the Interior got respirators much cheaper than the Ministry of Health
The state, responsible for the purchase and distribution of face coverings, masks and respirators for professions closest to the coronavirus, has spent billions of crowns on their acquisition in recent weeks.
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that within a single day the amounts for a respirator varied by hundreds of crowns.
Why did prices fluctuate so dramatically?
Which institutions have been cost-effective?
And why did others buy at a higher price?
Lenka Kabrhelová speaks to the editor of the iRozhlas server Dominika Kubištová.
I respect soldiers and the army (I guess I am not affected by the memories of the CSLA that the older generations went through), but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory war.
We don't even have large warehouses of equipment for the trained to use, we don't really have modern equipment even for existing professionals, plus modern equipment is getting more and more complex, so the abilities of reservists will rapidly diminish over time.
On top of that, modern conventional conflicts where anyone can deploy them will happen very quickly, there won't be time to train anyone again.
And finally, reservists/territorial defense is of great importance for countries like Ukraine, where it’s possible to lead a mass guerrilla force and it’s also a decided necessity to deter the enemy.
The only way to fight on the territory of the Czech Republic will be in a conflict of such scale and intensity, where guerrillas will be irrelevant, and we do not even have suitable geography.
mainly, we don't have individual skill.
That's not even the worst part.
The worst part is that half of them play like they’ve got it.
Then there are situations when you watch a dude who missed an empty net 2 minutes ago, run into the attack alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss and you think "what do you think is going to happen now?".
Well, of course they're gonna take him like an average Joe.
The situation with this "lash the defender" skill is so terrible that I found myself honestly surprised to see that our striker was able to run around one of the opponent's players.
The first swallows
The epidemic is slowing down, but experts do not expect any major reversal in the coming weeks.
The assault on hospitals will last for some time according to statistical models, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the Omicron variant, which is very likely to spread faster than the currently prevailing Delta.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty whether it can cause more severe illness, to what extent vaccination or post-infectious immunity helps against it.
But an unexpected circumstance also entered the Covid equation this week on the plus side: the possibility of treatment.
A new drug has arrived in the Czech Republic, the antiviral molnupiravir, which reduces the risk of severe disease and associated hospitalization by a third and also means that patients can be treated at home.
It should also soon be complemented by Pfizer's paxlovide, which has so far reported a success rate of 85 percent.
The first supplies of molnupiravir to arrive in the Czech Republic, however, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how prepared the local administration is.
As already mentioned, Merck's molnupiravir will be the first to reach domestic patients.
The company was also first across the line because the drug began development long before the current pandemic broke out, with the aim of finding a suitable treatment for viral disease in horses in South America.
An often overlooked fact in this research is that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
are generally less open and do not openly share their views.
Eastern Europeans, and especially us Czechs, are used to saying "we talk how we want".
See, you do a survey asking people if they like Muslims.
In the Czech Republic, most people will tell you no without hesitation.
In the West they will tell you how much they love migration, how everyone should help them and what racist assholes Czechs are.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
They are afraid of cancel culture, saying this in public means losing their jobs and a media lynch.
Then it looks nice in the polls, west good, east bad.
But they find out what people really think.
Everything is working correctly at the moment," Kropík said on Sunday afternoon.
The bank's spokesman does not know the exact number of the clients whose card payments were double-charged, the problem may relate to just a few thousands of transactions, according to his estimation.
The bank is investigating the root cause of problems.
"That may have been a combination of more factors," Kropík said.
Česká spořitelna is the biggest bank in the Czech Republic by number of clients.
It had 4,6 billion clients at the end of March.
Austrian financial services provider Erste Group Bank, the owner of Česká spořitelna, is the key player in the banking market of Middle and Eastern Europe.
Vojtěch to introduce three-level anti-coronavirus system on Monday
"The levels will be divided region-by-region depending on the strength of the community spread.
We are cooperating with epidemiologists and the Institute of Health Information and Statistics on this matter," Vojtěch said at ČT.
It will be the so-called traffic lights, individual regions will be marked in green, orange or red colours depending on the risk of coronavirus occurence.
The Minister added that he was going to discuss regions classification with epidemiologists.
He admitted that currently only Moravskoslezský region would correspond with the orange level and Prague would be close to it as well.
On the map, there will also be measures available for regional public health offices, hospitals, social care facilities and employers.
"We want to solve this on a regional basis as the situation varies region-by-region," Vojtěch said.
Water goblin and Karolínka
When the water goblin Jonáš and the miller's daughter Karolínka falls in love with each other, their lifes are not simple at all.
Jonáš's father, the rude water goblin Hastrbuch, does not approve of their love, Karolínka, on the other hand, does not have a clue that her beloved one Jonáš is not a human being.
What's more, the mill foreman Libor does everything to protect the whole village, and especially Karolínka, against the water monster.
What's wrong with the fact that he will intigue and lie?
The main thing is that he will make Karolínka to leave Jonáš and prefers him, brave Libor.
Shortly after that, everyone in the village knows who's fault is the drowning of the night watcher Konvička, spoiled flour, the fire in the mill and other villainies.
Angry village people organises the water-goblin hunt, and aditionally Jonáš is cursed irreconcilably by a water-goblin curse.
And now Konvička's soul may Karolínka advise!
How to melt the old Hastrbuch's heart, convince village people about Jonáš's innocence, find Jonáš and free him from enchantment?
The fairy tale was made in September 2010, at ČT film studios and outdoor scenes by pond Brzina, in Obděnice, Sedlčansko, and in a beautiful surroundings of the historical mill in Hoslovice.
Autodrom Most to launch new e-shop
Autodrom Most's customers can use a new e-shop which is available on its website.
They can also buy here vouchers for free and test rides by car or motorbike on a large racing circuit, which, they could only buy personally from autodrom's employee in the starting tower.
"We have improved our e-shop so that it is user-friendly, and at the same time we have expanded product and service portfolio that can be purchased via it.
On that occasion, we have also prepared a bonus for our customers, namely a discount of 1,000 CZK related to all driver safety courses in our portfolio.
They will find vouchers on webpage www.autodrom-most.cz," Jana Svobodová, sales and marketing director of AUTODROM MOST, explained.
According to her, the e-shop's website is now cleaner and easier to use.
"A visitor to the e-shop will indicate on the navigation bar what they are searching.
E.g. sports, driver safety or sports courses, experience gifts, gift items, gift vouchers, activities for children and many others," the director said.
New e-shop products and services include e.g. a Racing Legends suprise T-shirt, race track, driver safety course in low visibility conditions, promotional and gift items of the home proffesional racing team Buggyra Racing or limited edition Engelmuller gloves from BOHEMATIC watches manufactory, made on the occasion of the historical victory in the prestigious race 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1949.
"The offer is very rich, a customer can choose from more than 200 items," Jana Svobodová added.
Customers can choose one of four methods of payment when paying for the chosen product or service.
By deposit payment (bank transfer), cash on delivery, cash when picking up personally or via on-line payment gateway.
Disease progress is mostly mild, only 3 % of infected must go to hospital
Either a slighter form of coronavirus has spread across the Czech Republic, or the summer sunshine has improved our immunities significantly.
Isolation wards in hospitals are half-empty, although the number of infected people is increasing.
"The situation today and in April is very different, which is done mainly by the number of people in hospitals," Adam Vojtěch, the Minister of Health, confirms.
It is worth remembering that on 11th April, when the first pandemic wave culminated, everyone was wearing a face mask, the army was testing people, the republic was closed and the Czech people used up dezinfectants a year ahead.
However, 10 people died every day.
Now the number of confirmed cases has increased, but 2 people die of Covid-19 at maximum per day.
The highest number of infected people has still been in Karvinsko, the similar situation is also in Jihlava due to en epicentre of coronavirus in Alzheimer Disease Centre with 57 infected people - 40 clients and 17 employees.
Other old people's home has been closed by hygienists in Černožice, Královéhradecko.
On of the female nurse had a positive test.
"We are tracing contacts, we have restricted movements, we have all hygienic measures," Martin Scháněl, the old people's home director, says.
According to him, none of the home's clients has had symptoms of the disease.
Hygienists are starting with the whole area testing tomorrow, and after that they will make a decision on other measure.
Also hospitals are reacting to the increasing number of infected people.
Washington forward Alexander Ovechkin admitted that he can't wait for the season to start again.
"We're fresh now, we have no injuries or other complaints.
But the main thing is that we have missed hockey in the playoffs.
It's an indescribable atmosphere in the change rooms when the team rallies together before the big match," the Russian-language version of the official NHL site quoted Ovechkin as saying.
Woman arrested in Kostanay for post on Instagram
She was spreading false information.
A resident of Kostanay was arrested for posting false information on Instagram, zakon.kz reports.
According to the report by AstanaTV, in her post she claimed that at nighttime planes spray acid over the city, which, according to her, settles in the lungs.
The local police department stated that criminal charges have been issued for spreading information that is known to be false regarding the pandemic.
Under this article, the "blogger" could face a fine of up to 1,000 MPIs, equaling over 2.5 million tenge.
Or 400 hours of community service, or up to a year of imprisonment.
The Russian Proton is ready to conquer the cosmos
The Proton-M rocket is ready for launch – its mission will see it place two Express telecommunication satellites into orbit.
The state commission came to this conclusion.
The equipment will be brought to the launch platform at Baikonur on July 26.
The direct rocket launch is planned for July 30.
The initial launch date was moved back after numerous defects were discovered among the components of the launch vehicle.
Regnum reported that according to Roskosmos, the defective components were made at the Ust-Katav factory in Chelebinsk in 2015-2016.
Remenyako won the second race in the SMP GT4 RUSSIA class.
Evgeny Kulikov failed to make the start after his Porsche Cayman was damaged in the first race.
As a result, Alexei Bashmakov took reverse pole position – however, by the second lap, the Mercedes pilots took the lead.
Denis Remenyako sped off first, and Alexander Vaintrub had to repel an attack from Alexander Maslennikov in his KTM, who moved from last place to third.
Despite the tight competition in the first part of the race, closer to the midsection, Vaintrub picked up the pace, demonstrating the best lap time of the race – although he couldn't catch the extremely stable Remenyako, he guaranteed himself silver.
Kaimanov's group fell behind the leaders, although they fought a tough battle among themselves.
The best Porsche pilot was Alexei Bashmakov, who was ranked fourth in the standings, but Andrei Fedotov and Konstantin Zakharevsky conceded to him by mere moments.
And at the intermediate finish in the middle of the race, Fedotov and Zakharevsky were separated by 0.001 of a second.
Two more motorways added to list of federal highways
The Russian government has included two more motorways in the list of roads of federal significance.
The Cabinet of Ministers says that one of them, the Chekshino – Totma – Kotlas – Kuratovo road extending more than 663 kilometers, links the Vologda and Arkhangelsk regions with the Komi Republic.
The other motorway with a length of 388 kilometers leads from Barnaul via Pavlovsk to the border with the Republic of Kazakhstan.
By this road it is possible to travel from the capital of Altai Krai to the Kulunda border crossing point.
The new status means that Federal Road Fund resources can be used to bring these motorways to the regulation standard.
Major repairs and reconstruction will be carried out on separate sections, and the quality of the road surface will be improved
Open-air cinema screenings permitted in Tatarstan
The Tatarstan Cabinet of Ministers published an order permitting cinema screenings outdoors – in parks, squares, and on embankments, Tatar-inform reports.
Also, the document states that compulsory self-isolation for citizens over 65 has been extended to August 9.
They can leave home to go to a store, dispose of trash, or walk a dog.
But the opening of indoor movie theaters is not planned until the third stage of lifting restrictions, the agency recalled.
Washington is happy with the play-off matches.
We missed them
Washington Capitals' Russian hockey player, Alexander Ovechkin, spoke about the club's preparations for the upcoming renewal of the NHL season.
The 34-year-old striker for the Caps noted his teammates' preparedness for the matches.
All the guys are ready psychologically.
We are heading to Toronto with pleasure, we have been without games for a long time indeed and have missed the hockey play-offs, the Russian-language version of the NHL.com site quoted him as saying.
"We're fresh now, we have no injuries of other complaints."
Nonetheless, Ovechkin also admitted that he and his teammates needed to keep in mind some tactical combinations: "We don't have that much time in order to play the majority and remember the March practices on how to move the puck in such situations.
But time still remains: I am sure that we can devote some of our training to this.
The majors and minors are important in the play-offs.
And I am confident in our specialty team."
The Washington Capitals' restart is scheduled for August 3, when the Capitals play against Tampa Bay Lightning.
Following that, the Caps' hockey players are also to play against the Philadelphia Flyers (August 6) and the Boston Bruins (August 9).
A Russian refused to pay for parking and beat the parking attendant
In Vladivostok, a man refused to pay for parking and beat the parking attendant, the police are investigating.
As the Russian Diplomatic Department explained, the Kyrgyz MFA did not summon the Russian diplomats-there was a planned working visit during which they discussed the host's statements, among other issues.
"Andrei Malakhov's point of view is the opinion of a journalist, his personal view of the situation," the MFA said, noting that the incident does not affect Russian-Kyrgyzstani interstate relations.
Figure Skaters Artemeva and Nazarychev Win Junior Grand Prix Round in Zagreb
TASS has reported that Russian figure skaters Iullia Artemeva and Mikhail Nazarychev have taken gold in the Junior Grand Prix pairs competition in Zagreb.
For their short and free programs, Artemeva and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
Another Russian pair, Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, were in second place with 177.58 points and bronze was won by Germans Annika Hocke and Rober Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian pair Anna Sheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of this round in Zagreb have advanced to the Junior Grand Prix Final.
It will take place from December 5 to 8 in Torino.
Later on September 27, the juniors will perform their free skating programs in singles.
The competition in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian ice skater Aleksandra Trusova set new world records during her program and for the number of points earned in a competition in Slovakia.
The judges gave her 163.78 points for her free skating and 74.91 points for her short program.
For the 15-year-old athletes, this was their first competition at the senior level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use only cosmetics produced in Belarus
Belarusian president Alexander Lukashenko intends to use only cosmetics produced in Belarus.
Lukashenko visited a local cosmetics production company in Minsk today.
He stated that imported cosmetics are not better than those from Belarus and that the advantage of domestic products is that they are made from local raw materials.
"We should use our own", the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko spoke about the need to promote the sale of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets for their products.
Lukashenko encouraged companies not to focus on exporting to Russia and "not to suffer".
The situation with the export of sugar has gotten worse due to the excess of product in the market, recalls RBK.
This relates to Russia as well, where the price of sugar now costs 50 kopecks less per kilogram than in Belarus due to the excess.
Truck fatally strikes seven-year-old girl at crosswalk in Domodedovo
A driver struck a mother and daughter at a crosswalk in Domodedovo, the head of the press service for the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs in the Moscow Oblast Tatiana Petrova reported to Interfax.
According to Petrova, the incident occurred on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
The mother and daughter were hit by a Domodedovo resident, born in 1994, driving a Gaz truck.
As a result of the accident, the seven-year-old child died on the spot, and the woman was hopsitalized.
"A criminal case was opened agaisnt the driver under part 3, article 264 of the Russian criminal code (violation of traffic laws and operation of vehicles causing a death by negligence)," a representative of the regional police headquarters reported.
The given article provides for a maximum penalty of up to 5 years' imprisonment.
The perpetrator is currently detained, concluded Petrova.
Former head of DPR told of his work in Russia
The former acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) Dmitry Trapeznikov, heading the administration of Elista, evaluated the city's condition.
The bureaucrat spoke about this in comments to the Telegram channel Podyom.
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"The economy needs to be equalized, it needs some housekeeping: here, of course, the roads need fixing, and the external lighting," he said, adding that one of his tasks is to create a comfortable, well-appointed city.
Trapeznikov was nominated to the post of Elista mayor by Kalmykia head Batu Khasikov.
The former acting DPR head admitted that he has long been acquainted with the region's leader.
In particular, he more than once visited the republic, where he worked with youth and ran sports events.
"And so he contacted me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert evaluation of the city's condition, and then proposed taking charge of the city," the bureaucrat added.
Separately Trapeznikov commented on information from a source of RBK which belongs to Grigory Berezkin, which said that his nomination was suggested to the Kalmykia leader by presidential aide Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication's information, "has long been friends" with Khasikov.
"People can write anything.
Even to the extent of various made-up stories.
I think it's not worth paying any attention," he added.
The Elista mayor also added that he has Russian citizenship, as well as a DPR passport.
On 26 September he took leadership of the Elista administration.
Putin and the Security Council discussed ensuring security without the INF Treaty
The meeting also discussed peace-making in Syria after the formation of the Constitutional Committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin and the Russian Security Council discussed issues related to security guarantees after the end of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, including with consideration of the proposal made to some NATO member countries for a moratorium on deploying intermediate-range and shorter-range missiles.
Philippe Ducom said this in an interview for the HN. He is the President of the European branch of the U.S. ExxonMobil group, one of the largest global oil companies. He also mentioned that large repositories that could store power for later use, i.e. power not needed during the days when there is enough sunshine and wind, are still far too expensive.
Ducom visited the ExxonMobil centre in Prague, where 1,200 people are employed. The centre is there to provide support for the company's business activities, and secure logistics and other services needed for the operation of the company.
Announcing the end of the right wing in the Chamber, or rather: What do you mean by a "right-wing" coalition of the ODS, TOP 09, STAN and KDU?
Reports of an upcoming coalition of the above parties have recently been emerging in the media and from some commentators. Many are applauding the fact that "the right wingers" are finally getting their act together, but I would like to ask why these parties are still called right-wing.
Leaving the new Trikolora movement aside, there are in fact no real right-wing parties in the Czech Chamber of Deputies. It really does not matter what the individual entities call themselves, or what labels the mainstream media keeps regurgitating for them. The ODS, and its average top politicians, is in the centre only with difficulty. The TOP 09 is without doubt a party of the urban pseudo-liberal left (but being ashamed of its left-wing politics it hypocritically calls itself a conservative, or even, right-wing party). The STAN is a party whose concept, ideology and voter targeting are pretty much identical to those of the TOP 09 (I simply don't understand why the party exists at all). And the KDU has even been labelling itself as centrist for some time now – although its political compass swings much more to the left than their members like to say.
Do you think that I am tarring them all with the same brush? Not at all. I based my opinion on the actual political steps taken by these parties. As I consider myself a classically liberal right-wing voter, I value the freedom of an individual, a free market and minimal government intervention in the lives of individuals and the economy. To what extent do the said parties meet the requirements to classify as right-wing? How many acts of law that limit people's freedoms using salami tactics, increase taxes, approve new regulations and growing control, enhance ties to the socialist EU and support eco and gender madness have they supported in recent years? A large amount of them, really large. A party's identity is determined by its actions, not self-imposed labels. These parties seek to strengthen the role of the state in our lives via all kinds of declarations or partial concessions. This has nothing to do with right-wing politics.
I would not be surprised to see a working coalition of the TOP 09, STAN and KDU. They simply belong together on the political map. Ignoring the Christian, or reversely the pro-gay and gender aspects of the parties, I don't really see much of a difference in them in terms of their stance towards the impact of the state on their voters' lives. However, the ODS has been projecting itself for some time as "the only right-wing party". By associating itself with the other three entities, the ODS is now openly showing its true colours and the political bracket it is in.
By the way, having mentioned labels briefly, did you notice how often these parties are in full agreement and put cheap labels on critics of the dirigisme and socialism coming from the EU, and call those critics pro-Russian agents? These parties cannot, or simply do not want to, understand that there are many people who want to steer clear of Eurosocialism and increasing absence of freedom, as well as the authoritarian regime in Russia? Is it possible that these parties hide their total inability to make a valid argument, and their unfounded or blind adoration of EU ways?
In essence, it may be possible that politics other than centre politics does not have a chance of big success in the Czech Republic anymore. Maybe voters really want parties to group together. Maybe they want centre-left politics disguised as "right-wing", because they are ashamed of their political views (or are unable to identify them). I don't know. But I am definitely not one of those voters.
An unexplained death of a girl (†8) in the Příbram area: The perpetrator goes unpunished
Unsolved cases are referred to as "cold cases" in criminal investigation jargon. However, even those cases are re-opened if new information emerges years later. Especially, if it concerns the death of a child. In 1980, criminal investigator Jiří Markovič managed to solve a 12-year-old case of the murder of two girls in Prague's Prokop Valley. "A case dating back to 1955? That will be difficult, very difficult. To start off, the case file would have to be found, which may not even exist now, and we would need to speak to those who investigated the case back then. There is always hope, although it would be difficult indeed," says Markovič.
During the previous regime, not much information about violent crimes was released to the public. According to Markovič, however, this was by no means a sign of a lax attitude towards crime investigation. "It always depended on the individual people," the investigator thinks. What could pose a problem now is that the documentation dating back to the 1950s could have been destroyed in spite of the fact that unresolved cases should not be discarded.
Lucie Bílá's father never supported her dream. You won't believe what he wanted her to do for a living!
Those who don't know that the original profession of our national treasure Lucie Bílá (53) is a seamstress and that her real name is Hana Zaňáková probably don't live in the Czech Republic. Now, the singer herself has revealed that she almost ended up working in a glass factory!
Lucie Bílá knew from quite a young age that she wanted to be a singer. Her love for singing was born when she, as a little girl, performed in the Cultural House in her native Otvovice, where the vocalist still lives today.
"I can remember exactly where Mum was sitting. The singer in me was born on that day," she disclosed to Impuls Radio.
However, her dad was a little worried about the future of his daughter, so he kept recommending her to choose a useful trade, which is a mine of gold.
"Dad always said: 'A trade, my girl, go for a trade. Keep your feet on the ground!' He was even trying to convince me to find a job in the local glass factory. The glass factory is not in business anymore, but I'm doing alright. I am a qualified seamstress and make all kinds of bead rosaries and trinkets at home, which I then sell at auctions. I use the money from the auction sales to buy wheelchairs," she added laughing.
The launch of a new tolling system is not under threat, announces Kremlík, though the change of the operator is at play
On Friday, the Ministry of Transport started preparing a new tender to award a contract to operate a new tolling system. This is a backup plan the government will put into place in the event that the current toll contract is legally terminated. In addition to that, the government is working on another interim solution to be used if the tender is not completed in time, the Transport Minister, Vladimír Kremlík (ANO), has posted on Facebook.
On Thursday, the Office for Competition Protection (OCP) issued a ban, deferred for a year, on fulfilling the toll contract between the government and the consortium of CzechToll and SkyToll. The Ministry is going to appeal the ban.
"The launch of the new toll collection system is not under threat. As of today, we are starting to work on a new, transparent bidding procedure for a service contract to operate the new tolling system, currently finalised by the consortium of CzechToll and SkyToll," said the Minister.
The government's tender will seek a new operator of the tolling system that is currently being prepared and is due to be launched this December. Therefore, this is not a tender for a brand-new tolling system, as was the case in the last tender, nor utilizing the old system which is now operated by Kapsch.
According to Kremlík, the Ministry is also preparing for the possibility the new tender is not ready in time. "Based on the experience we have had in the tender process for a tolling system so far, I am absolutely sure that the OCP is misguided, as the 12-month period set out by them is objectively not enough for such a complicated bidding procedure to be prepared and completed, nor for the operation of the new tolling system to be handed over to a new operator," he said.
In addition to the new bidding procedure, the government department will also work on an interim solution, which would ensure toll collection over a temporary period until the government finds a fully-fledged solution.
At the moment, the government is therefore not likely to use the offer received in recent days from Kapsch, the current operator of the tolling system. The Austrian company had offered the government to run the existing system in case the toll contract is cancelled.
Kremlík also reiterated that he believed the backup plan would not be needed. The Ministry will thus appeal against the decision made by the antimonopoly authority.
The OCP issued a decision on Thursday, which banned the execution of the toll contract. However, the ban will come into force one year after the Office's decision becomes final and absolute by law. The decision itself is without prejudice and can be appealed against to the Chair of the Office. The Ministry and CzechToll therefore continue working on the new toll system, which is due to be launched in December.
In the tender held last year, the contract for a new tolling system and its operation was awarded to the consortium of CzechToll and SkyToll. The consortium won the tender for the tolling system with their bid of 10.75 billion Czech crowns for a 10-year operation. The current operator, Kapsch, which lost the tender with its bid exceeding 13 billion Czech crowns, contested the tender procedure and the validity of the toll contract.
I still feel like a boy who is just finding his feet, says Jan Cina
"All of us who worked on it learnt a lot. I fell in love with African dance during my time there. Because of my Romani heritage from my dad's side, I was completely enchanted by it," said Jan Cina, who sees himself more as a musical theatre actor.
The role of a decorator he plays in a new film, Národní třída, is much fresher in his memory than the První krok series. Cina has revealed that film director Štěpán Altrichter had to coax him a lot into taking the part. "It was hard work, but the result is worth it. The movie was made a year ago. Diligently and properly, but having fun at the same time. It was shot in National Avenue, where I drove a car despite not being a driver. We were also shooting a lot in Jižní město in Prague," he said about the Czech/German co-production feature film.
Despite having been nominated for the Thalia Award for his role in The Little Prince production, he doesn't consider himself at the pinnacle of his career. "I don't feel like I'm at the pinnacle. I still see myself as a boy who is just trying to find his feet. But the nomination was very pleasant and came as a surprise to me. I see the pinnacle far ahead of me," he said and revealed that he hadn't even thought about a thank-you speech in case he wins. "Not really, but when I was a child I always listened to discussion programmes on the radio and imagined myself talking to people like that."
Jan Cina has been living with his colleague, Petr Vančura, for thirteen years now. What is his recipe for a happy relationship? "Loving each other and seeing problems as a challenge and a good thing to be resolved," he divulged and cast his mind to the time his boyfriend fell off the stairs at the Czech Lion Awards ceremony.
"Yes, it really did happen. He had a new pair of slippery shoes, and the red carpet was slippery as well. So, it didn't take long for him to find himself on the floor. He managed to work it to his advantage. He ran a workshop called Vančura's Steps, where he taught how to safely fall off stairs at VIP events."
Děčín Zoo delighted at the birth of a baby macaque
"We have seven members in the troop at present. The youngest member was born on 17th August to a female called Buffy, as her fifth offspring. The father is a male macaque called Hitam. The first few days after giving birth, the mother carried her young closely to her body and wasn't keen on showing to the world whether it's a male or a female. When the young macaque was roughly three weeks old, she gradually started putting him down for short periods of time. Now, the keepers have known for a few days that it's a male," said Alena Houšková, a zoo spokeswoman, and added that 12 young of this species were successfully reared at the Děčín Zoo already.
The crested black macaque is a species that is endemic to Sulawesi Island, which means that it is not found in the wild anywhere else in the world. Its characteristic feature is its black fur and a spiked crest on the head, which the species is named after. Crested black macaques live in rainforests, predominantly at low altitudes.
Similarly to other primates, they eat both meat and plant-based food. Their diet largely consists of woody plant fruit, which they supplement with flowers and leaves. They get their protein from small arthropods, larvae and, to a smaller extent, young birds and bird eggs.
"Aside from their natural enemy, the python, humans are again to blame for everything else. The locals hunt macaques for their fur, and are seen by them as popular prey with tasty meat. What is also fatal for these animals is the burning and deforestation of rainforests," added the spokeswoman.
Germany reports the first case of West Nile fever infection transmitted by a mosquito within the country. There is a link to climate change
Mosquitoes may also pass on diseases other than West Nile fever, such as malaria.
On Friday, Germany reported its first case whereby a person has contracted West Nile fever after an infected mosquito bite within Germany, informed the DPA agency. Up until now, all patients have had the virus passed on during travelling abroad or by contact with infected animals. Experts say that the watershed case of infection is linked to climate change.
The Robert Koch Institute has announced that a 70-year-old man from Saxony contracted the virus. The course of the disease was severe in the man, who was hospitalized in Leipzig due to an inflammation of the brain. He is healthy now.
The West Nile fever virus was first discovered in Uganda in 1937. It then spread to large areas of Africa, Asia and Europe; and in the 1990s to the USA as well. The virus is carried predominantly by birds, and by mosquitoes that contract it from the birds' infected blood.
Managers of state-run companies are to undergo selection procedures now. The law will be possible to evade, claims the opposition
"This is a typical bill that is pointless," said Zbyněk Stanjura, the Chairman of the Civic Democratic Party parliamentary political group.
After several unsuccessful attempts, the Lower House passed amendments that should prevent a non-transparent allocation of posts – critics say cronyism – in state-run companies in the future. The applicants should newly undergo a selection process in the particular ministry and be assessed by a government committee for personal nominations.
However, this is a compromise solution, which parties like the Civic Democratic Party are not fond of, as it will supposedly allow ministers to shift the blame onto the selection committee for any potential wrong choices of state managers. Furthermore, the opinion of the said committee will not be binding for the minister. The new bill is to be approved by the Senate and signed by President Miloš Zeman.
Today the law makes it quite possible to manage your own property.
Take management into your own hands, if you do not like how the others do it.
Ukraine is prepared to bargain between the USA and Russia
The USA and Russia will "bargain" on Ukraine joining NATO, according to the article of analyst Alexander Kochetkov for Glavred.
In his opinion, in the very near future Washington and Moscow are going to continue negotiations on the guarantees of the United States regarding Ukraine not joining the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the statement by the American leader Joe Biden that any country is entitled to "join any alliance."
If you receive a deliberately unacceptable offer, well, for example, to sell your relative into sexual slavery, you would not bargain, but just tell them to go to hell.
However, they are going to bargain about Ukraine," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia is not going to invade Ukraine, but rather strives for dialogue with Kyiv.
"Preparations are discreet, fast and immediately turn into an aggressive strategy; you do not wait for the troops to be discovered and counter-force to be deployed," he noted.
China stimulates the railway transportation industry
Cutting-edge Chinese technologies attracted companies from the USA, Germany, France and other countries to a Chinese international railway transport and equipment production expo held in the city of Zhuzhou, Hunan province, /Central China/ in 2021.
The core technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow for automatic troubleshooting of train faults, according to company representative Hou Zhaowen.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos Railway, which began operating earlier this month, have now been equipped with technologies that guarantee improved rolling stock reliability and performance.
Over the past six months, China has considerably stepped up its exports of railway transport, and many countries in Asia and Europe have witnessed "China's speed".
In May this year, the first double-decker electric high-speed trains developed in China for export to Europe rolled off the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd.
With a maximum speed of 200 kilometers per hour, the trains will run on railways in Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
A subway train developed by the company for Turkey began trial operations in November.
The train will run on a subway line linking downtown Istanbul to the city's airport.
This line will open next year.
It will be the fastest subway line in Turkey, with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"Chinese railway equipment manufacturing is one of the industries with the highest innovations and the strongest international innovative competitive edge," said Feng Yaoxiang, head of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade /CCPIT/.
"The industry is the main competitive advantage of China's high-end equipment manufacturing in the global market," said Feng Yaoxiang.
After more than 60 years of hard work, independent research and development, China has built an advanced rail equipment manufacturing system, with complete supporting facilities and large-scale operations.
The country ranks first in railway electrification and operating mileage of high-speed and urban railways, according to Feng Yaoxiang.
Biologist listed the early signs of dementia
Semen Golosheykin, PhD in Biology, listed the early signs of dementia in his interview with Radio Sputnik.
According to him, the early signs of dementia may include forgetfulness and a range of moderate cognitive disorders, such as difficulty concentrating, planning and deterioration in abstract thinking.
Currently, there are ongoing debates that hearing loss may also serve both as an early sign of Alzheimer's disease and one of its risk factors, according to the specialist.
Golosheykin pointed out that dementia may be caused by neurodegenerative diseases, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders and deficiency of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and cerebral atherosclerosis are the most frequent causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that currently, healthcare professionals are unaware of an effective dementia treatment.
Therefore, timely prevention is recommended.
He started with graffiti in areas set aside by the then Mayor Jaroslav Kubera (ODS) for this purpose.
Hurricane Hanna reached Texas coast
Hurricane Hanna reached south-west coast of the American state Texas on Saturday afternoon local time (before midnight CEST during night and this morning).
It reached Texas Padre Island, ca 24 km north to the small town Port Mansfield, and weakened to a tropical storm while moving across the land.
According to meteorologists, however, it can pose a great danger for coastal areas inhabitants.
That is because it brought a strong wind and heavy rain; according to AP, together with local floods, there have been reported blackouts and various damaged properties, among others damaged ships as well.
Greg Abbott, the govenor of Texas, issued a disaster declaration in 32 counties in south-west Texas on Saturday and recommended people voluntary evacuations.
The strongest form of warning was issued to people living in the coastal zone between Port Mansfield and Mesquite Bay, but the storm is supposed to affect whole area which is long nearly 500 km before its gradual moving over north-east Mexico.
"Although Hanna is in the category of a tropical storm now, heavy rain and wind, water level rises, dangerous tides and sporadic tornadoes might be threatening," the American National Hurricane Center (NHC) warned.
This morning local time (afternoon CEST) the storm was moving in the area of US-Mexico border accompanied by wind of 85 kph.
On Saturday, Hanna became the first hurricane of this year's hurricane season in the Atlantic Ocean.
Over the Gulf of Mexico it was accopmanied by wind of up to 145 kph, however the wind decreased to 112 kph gradually when moving towards the land, which weakened Hanna from the hurricane category again.
Authorities made an appeal to people to stay at their homes during the storm and continue on keeping health measures to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
Texas is among the American states which have been impacted by Covid-19 the hardest.
Given the current safety measures and the importance of keeping distance, possible evacuations is a big challenge.
Hotels, schools and gymnasium were turned in temporary shelters.
In Texas Hidalgo County, there was also one of the buildings turned in a shelter for evacuated people who had positive coronavirus tests or were exposed to coronavirus infection in other way.
Local authorities asked all evacuated people to take face masks and desinfection gels with them, if possible.
"It is not over us yet at all.
We are expecting catastrophic floods," Chris Birchfield, who works for the National Weather Service (NWS) in Brownsville, was quoted by AP.
Forecasts say that there migh be up to 300 mm of rainfall in just a few hours in some areas, in some cases almost 500 mm, which, together with sea level rise, could cause flooding of many coastal settlements.
Zeman to grant rank of general to Colonel Lipka
President Miloš Zeman is going to grant the rank of general to Colonel Pavle Lipka on Wednesday.
The estimated events overview of The Ministry of Defense shows that.
The reason for granting the rank of brigade general to Lipka is his deputy commander appointment in Alliance's Multinational Division Northeast in Poland in August.
Lipka has been working as a deputy commander of the Czech Land Forces so far.
It is the Czech government who suggested that Zeman should grant a rank to him.
At the end of August, Lipka is going to replace brigade general Karel Řehka in his position as deputy commander in Alliance's Multinational Division Northeast in Elblag, Poland, which commands the Alliance's advanced presence troops in Poland and Baltic.
In March, Řehka became director of the National Cyber and Information Security Agency (NÚKIB).
The government suggested that President grants Lipka the rank of brigade general.
According to the Act on Professional Soldiers, a higher rank can ge granted to a soldier for a period of his or her performing an elective position or for a period of performing a service duty which requires a higher rank to be granted.
The rank of general is equal to the rank of a deputy commander of the Alliance's division.
A soldier who is granted a rank has the same rights and obligations as if he or she was appointed the rank.
However, he or she is not entitled to a salary adjustment which would correspond to such a rank.
Granting a rank lasts until the end of a reason for which he or she has been granted the rank.
"Colonel Lipka is profesionally prepared and he serves as an example for his subordinates.
He participates in performing duties of the Armed Forces of the Czech Republic significantly, including cooperation with foreign allies and ensuring the participation of the Army in campaigns abroad," the Ministry of Defense commented the promotion proposal in June.
The promotion ceremony will take place at Prague Castle on Wednesday at 12.30 PM, the Minister of Defense Lubomír Metnar or Chief of the General Staff of the Czech Armed Forces Aleš Opat will participate.
EU member states have coronavirus standards for air travel
EU member states have agreed on common hygienic standards for air travel which might help reduce the spread of the new coronavirus.
The German Minister of Transport Andreas Scheuer informed about it.
The agreed standards include keeping social distancing or wearing face masks when travelling on planes and at airports, middle seats in planes, however, will not have to stay unoccupied.
Reuters informed about it.
"I am glad that my co-workers have approved the German proposal for Europe and that we were able to agree on those common standards," Scheuer said at the European air travel conference.