The Oktyabrsky District Court of Arkhangelsk announced the verdict to the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Alexei Navalny Andrey Borovikov.
I would like to note that I was not restricted in my movements.
After the verdict, the coordinator of Navalny's regional headquarters said that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone in Rubin needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches."
Rubin midfielder Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the team's poor performance.
Kazans in the championship of Russia suffered four defeats in a row, and also were eliminated from the Cup.
We tune in to every game, "Izvestia quoted Mogilev as saying.
Ahead still meetings - it is necessary to prepare for them and to correct a situation.
How?
If we knew, we probably would have fixed it already.
But first of all, it seems to me, we need to add in such component as single combats.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
The Kremlin supports a ban on smoking on the balconies of residential buildings
The changes will take effect on October 1, 2019.
Ex-AC Milan coach arrives in Moscow to take charge of Russian club
For the past two seasons, Gennaro has led the Rossoneri.
Russia's Sofia Palkina finished ninth in the qualifying hammer throw in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Its result is 68.53 meters.
Palkina's participation in the fight for medals will become known after the performance of sportswomen from Group B.
Kvyat parked the car in one of the security zones.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone or any forces, Ma Xiaoguang stressed.
473 buildings were damaged.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement sooner than expected.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America," "Medusa" and "BBC"
Earlier it was reported about the planned inspections of Google and Facebook services.
This was reported on Friday, 27 September by the Co-President of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
“The Panu president of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should listen to the advice of [US President] Donald Trump, which he listened to with an acid face, and establish relations with the president of Russia, ” said Chegrinz to the journalists of RIA Novosti.
Chegrinese noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to remain in power only if relations with the Russian Federation are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Gensec Jens Stoltenberg reported that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the country's accession to the alliance.
To that end, he said, Ukraine was obliged to fulfil certain conditions.
March Laar: EKRE members will not enter the board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members were not and will not be invited to the council.
The composition of the board of the Bank of Estonia concludes on trust in the Estonian state.
As long as there is such behavior among EKRE members that they first say and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank council.
However, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at meetings of the Eesti Pank board.
At Laar's suggestion, two council members-Kallo and Tynisson-should be replaced, Laar proposed Ann Eismaa (Central Party) and Iwari Padar (Social Democratic Party) in their place.
But Laar responded that the goal of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia-so that in addition to Jaanus Tamkiwi, Andrés Sutti would be included in the council.
On Tuesday, September 24, Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members of the board of the Bank of Estonia.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed on a motorcycle in a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only of the production of Belarus.
He said that imported cosmetics are no better than Belarusian, but the advantage of domestic products is that they are made of local raw materials.
Alexander Lukashenko stated that it was necessary to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the leader of Belarus advised local sugar processors to find new markets for products.
The situation with sugar exports has worsened due to the excess product in the markets, ” RBC recalls.
The former head of the DNR spoke about his work in Russia
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
Mayor Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DNA passport.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are rented at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the reduction in the number of communal areas in Moscow, the demand for them does not fall.
Supply is pulled up for demand due to the room rent of apartments.
Thus, in Khamovniks the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to the study of the portal "World of Apartments."
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in Kapotna - the average price tag for the district was 13.6 thousand rubles.
The most expensive area behind MKAD was Solntsvo, where rooms are rented for almost 16 thousand rubles a month.
Rooms in North and South Butov and Novo Peredelkin will cost a little less.
How to increase your future pension and not recycle
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and eventually returns you money with interest.
If you are interested in this method, first check out the information about NPF on the Website of the Bank of Russia.
All funds operate under the same rules, which are set by federal laws.
This method is suitable for those who worked informally.
A recommendation for those who are thinking about retirement at the beginning of their work journey.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, save money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly increase your financial literacy.
Magomed Ismayilov: "When I hear such support of the fans, I become just abnormal in a cage."
Russian mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter Magomed Ismayilov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy's just a gun.
He's got cannon strikes.
And when I looked him in the eye, I saw desire and character.
He's a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him the best of luck in the future.
He's a real man.
It was very hard.
I tried.
Did I promise a show?
Thanks you.
Which club will take Pavel Mamaev, released on parole?
Footballer Pavel Mamaev, who was released last week from the colony by parole, will not return to the Krasnodar football club.
The former midfielder of this club in the near future may sign a contract with FC Rostov, the Championship portal reports.
Presumably, the contract with the 31-year-old footballer will be signed for two years with the possibility of extension for another season.
Sport-Express writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamaev had to undergo a medical examination at Dynamo Moscow, but the check did not take place due to the "uncertain situation in the club."
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamaev last week by agreement of the parties.
With the team, he twice won the bronze of the championship of Russia.
Previously, Mamaev played for the Moscow “Torpedo” and CSKA.
From 2009 to 2016, Mamaev played for the Russian team, having spent 15 matches in its composition.
Together with the player of “Zenith” Alexander Kokorin, Mamaev was serving his sentence for participating in fights in the center of Moscow in October last year.
In mid-September, they were released from the colony by parole.
Zenit signed a new contract with Kokorin.
A man with a samurai sword tried to defend the cart found in the garbage heap.
A resident of the American city of Auckland Park, Florida, was arrested on charges of attempted murder after he waved a samurai sword at his opponent in a dispute over a cart found in the garbage.
54-year-old Curtis Miller (Curtis Miller) delved into a pile of garbage near an empty house.
This was noticed by Todd Beavers, who went out for an evening walk.
The latter decided to join the search and found a black cart among the scum.
He believed that he could claim a cart, since he was the first to dig into the trash.
The men began to argue.
Suddenly, Beavers grabbed a cart and ran with it toward his home.
Then Miller took the samurai sword he found in the same heap and began to pursue his opponent.
He caught up with Beavers near his house.
Miller drew his sword from its scabbard and began to swing it in the direction of the cart kidnapper.
Beavers told Miller that what was happening was being recorded on video.
Veretennikov called for the revival of Kazakhstan's Zhenis.
I spent a season and a half in this club.
Sony and Disney agreed
In his opinion, closer economic cooperation with Belarus will benefit the region.
However, in Kiev and the West, the results of the vote were not recognized.
Lukashenko named the reasons for the continuation of the conflict in the Donbass
They came to the famous blogger Andrei Poltava with searches: what is known at the moment
On Friday, September 27, in Poltava, searches are being conducted in the house of relatives of volunteer and blogger Andrei Karpov, known as Andrei Poltava.
This was announced by the blogger himself on Facebook, noting that he does not live at this address.
In addition, Poltava writes that he once again received an email message of this content: "We report that in the territory... I left a homemade bomb.
The second similar explosive device embedded in the car will be detonated today near the house of the famous Ukrainian propagandist Karpov Andrei Anatolyevich (he is also known as Andrei Poltava)...
Karpov believes that his activities as a volunteer, politician and blogger are not liked by the Russian invaders.
Recall that Poltava is talking with the Russians about the war in the Donbass, the annexation of Crimea, about peace, politics, and then uploads videos to the Internet.
The blogger ran for the Verkhovna Rada from the European Solidarity party.
In 2017, according to ICTV, Karpov was recognized as the best blogger in Ukraine.
Chelsea will lure Neymar with a record salary
The leadership of the English "Chelsea" expressed a desire to acquire the striker of the French PSG Neymar.
It is reported by El Desmarque.
The Brazilian this summer announced his desire to return to Barcelona.
Neymar, according to media reports, did not want to stay at PSG, but in the end failed to leave for another club in the past transfer window.
After that, Parisian fans publicly turned to the football player, expressing dissatisfaction with his actions.
The woman has no injuries, she was released after examination.
According to preliminary data, the driver was drunk, he was sent for a medical examination.
On the fact of the accident is being checked.
Four people convicted of a series of robberies of summer cottages in Khabarovsk
This was reported on September 27 by the Khabarovsk Territory Today news agency.
Last Thursday, September 26, the striker started training with Zenit-2.
Drunken athletes beat three people.
The Kokorin brothers were sent to prison for a year and a half, Mamaev and Protasovitsky-for 1 year and 5 months.
A veteran and his wife were killed in a Russian city
The bodies of a man and a woman born in 1928 and 1930 were found in their apartment.
The 42nd Dakar starts on January 5 from the red sea coast from Jeddah.
After all, entrepreneurship is not a whim, but a necessity.
Reconstruction of the water intake took place within the framework of the Federal project "Clean water" under the national project "Ecology".
New artesian wells appeared on the site.
Pumping stations were built over them.
Water treatment and disinfection facilities were reconstructed.
Water treatment facilities to be expanded in Vagay
NorNickel will allocate 139.8 billion rubles for dividends in the first half of the year
Norilsk Nickel will allocate 139.88 billion rubles (about $2.1 billion) for dividends in the first half of 2019.
The decision was made at an extraordinary meeting of shareholders.
It is noted that the payment per share will be 883.93 rubles.
"The shareholders approved October 7, 2019 as the date for determining the persons entitled to receive dividends," the company's press service said.
According to the Moscow exchange at 18: 03, the price of one share of Norilsk Nickel increased by 1.04% - to 16.5 thousand rubles.
According to the Minister, China supports a more active role of the UN, supports the work of the Secretary-General of the world organization and strictly adheres to the basic ideas and principles of the UN Charter.
It had to happen sooner or later.
The expert told why it is worth giving up tea bags
Sawdust is not thrown away at the end of the season, so it may end up in the tea.
Russian gays with adopted children have requested asylum in the United States
A same-sex Russian couple with two adopted children has requested asylum in the US, RIA Novosti reports.
It is reported that the men left the Russian Federation for Ukraine, then went to the States, where they applied for asylum.
According to a statement from the Incentive group, the reason for the family's actions was "continued interest on the part of law enforcement agencies."
As reported, the men do not plan to return to Russia.
It is noted that signs of violent death were found on them.
A criminal case has been initiated in relation to the incident.
The investigation examines various versions, including those related to the self-serving motive of the murder.
The investigation is currently ongoing.
On August 24, it was reported that a man who killed a 92-year-old veteran for drug money was detained in Kaluga.
It is noted that the elderly man was punched at least ten times.
Criminal proceedings have been initiated under part 4 of Article 111 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ("Intentional infliction of grievous harm to health, resulting in negligent death of the victim").
Later, the Mash Telegram channel reported that the suspect in the murder five years ago had glassed the veteran's balcony.
Philippine President Duterte to visit Russia for five days
His visit to Russia will last until October 5.
Aquino said that the President of the Philippines is going to Russia at the invitation of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
The Philippine leader will also visit Moscow.
According to Aquino, the main event of the trip will be a meeting between the two presidents.
It is noted that the meeting between the Filipino leader and the Russian one will already be the fourth in a row.
The presidents first met in 2016 at the APEC summit in Peru.
"Moreover, tea plants are not always included in bags," Tikhonova said.
According to her, it is better to abandon the use of such a drink in favor of tea by weight, which is sold in specialty stores.
In addition, she stressed that the danger of packaged tea lies not only in the composition, but also in the method of its production - the microparticles are heated to high temperatures, which is why they can begin to emit harmful substances.
"It is best to buy pure green or black tea - such a drink will have the least additives", the expert pointed out.
The Norilsk Development Agency and the Taimyr Research Club organized the forum, reports STRK Krasnoyarsk.
The reports were brought by scientists from Russian cities - Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Krasnoyarsk, Salekhard, Arkhangelsk, Norilsk, Dudinka.
One of the central themes of the forum is how to develop an urban environment in the Arctic and at the same time not harm nature.
Guests of the forum will also be able to visit interactive platforms at the Norilsk State Industrial Institute.
At creative meetings, travelers and scientists will talk about their experiences with the Arctic.
The forum will last for three days.
Regions were invited to share business support secrets
It's time to establish interregional ties
"Currently, communication between the regions is insufficiently established, as a result of which the business community in all regions of the visit by senators identified the issue of the lack of information about regional programs for the development of entrepreneurship in the whole country", Andrei Kutepov stated.
The exchange of information on positively implemented developments in the regions could give an impetus to the development of entrepreneurship as a whole.
Useful experience
For example, in Vologda region, there is an Entrepreneurship Support Centre, which, in addition to financial support measures, assists businessmen in certifying finished products.
A business support system has been developed in Ivanovo region, providing for the implementation of the principle of a single window through multifunctional centres.
There is a cluster development centre in Oryol region.
And in a number of other regions, special support measures are being taken for youth entrepreneurship.
For example, Arkhangelsk Oblast proposed replacing the term "self-employment" with "entrepreneurial activity," since this "is most consistent with the content of the public service to promote self-employment of unemployed citizens."
Every day, this particular line-up transports 10,000 people.
He walks along the orange line and talks about the director, actor and founder of the "Tabakerka" theatre.
The festival of northern walk will be held in Ulyanovsk
Residents of the Ulyanovsk region will take part in the festival of northern walk.
The participants of the festival will be teams from different cities and districts of the Ulyanovsk region, which won in municipal stages.
They are mostly composed of residents of the region over 50 years old.
The project is designed to attract the older generation in active time, 1ul.ru reports.
The city stage of the festival took place on September 7 at once in six parks.
Participants needed to overcome the northern walking distance of 3 km.
The winner was determined by the amount of years of participants in the team.
The regional festival will be held on September 28
According to the report sent to the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin, 31 thousand were introduced from sanctions countries in the first half of 2019 tons of products vs 3 million 442,2 thousand tons for the same period of 2013, Interfax reports.
At the same time, the cost of imported products dropped to $ 226,5 million from $ 4 billion 975,5 million respectively.
It's about supplies of goods that did not fall under the embargo.
As indicated in the report, the volume of the import of prohibited products were compensated by increasing imports from CIS, Africa, South-East Asia, Serbia.
Recall that at the end of August, the government prolonged until December 2020, 31, the rules of destruction of agricultural products, raw materials and food, which are prohibited for import into Russia within the framework of counter-sanctions.
The document posted on the official portal of legal information noted that the rule has been extended for another year - from 31 December 2019 to 31 December 2020
Initially, the sanctions destruction order was extended to products from the USA, EU, Australia, Norway and Canada.
Later, from August 13, 2015, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland, Liechtenstein, from January 1, 2016-Ukraine.
A decree signed by Putin on the destruction of "sanctions" (food embargo, which Moscow introduced in response to anti-Russian sanctions of the West) entered into force in 2015
As the sanctions of the West preserved, the Russian Federation also extended its response.
At the same time, the products that citizens are imported for personal use, this measure is not subject to.
The ban does not apply to import of goods for personal consumption weighing up to 5 kilograms.
However, the head of the Council under the President of the Russian Federation on the development of civil society and human rights Mikhail Fedotov previously called "simply immoral" destruction of food, and this, according to him, has a negative impact on the upbringing of people.
After that, a similar recommendation to the Government was given by the Human Rights Council under the President of the Russian Federation.
And Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Alexey Gordeev said that it is wrong to destroy food, and you should think how you can use them by appointment, assess the quality.
By 2023, the first school of the new format will open in the center of the capital
They will finish the construction at the end of 2022, and the first students will start recruiting in the next.
According to ESO, this week the construction of the dome of the building, where the E-ELT telescope (European Extremely Large Telescope - "European super large telescope") has been officially started so far the most expensive and ambitious ground-based astronomical project.
Its total cost is estimated to exceed a billion euros.
Most of this money will be spent on making equipment and building an observatory building.
In addition, scientists will try to use this observatory to observe the surroundings of Sgr A *, supermassive black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
The contract for the production of the main mirror, whose total value amounted to about 400 million euros, was received by the German SCHOTT and the French company Safran Reosc.
An unusually open and unique painting by Karel Gott in olga Špátová's feature documentary
Insects are up to 60 times less than 40 years ago
The study is based on field research in the tropical forest of Puerto Rico, in which American scientists copied a similar survey from 1976. As they write at the beginning of the report, insects are now "ten to sixty times less" in the forest. It is the decline of the whole population, i.e. not the number of species, and the research concerned not only insects, but all arthropods. Due to the extinction of insects, the population of another fauna, which is dependent on insects in the food chain, such as birds, frogs or lizards, is also thinning.
Download free Metro 2033 Redux and Everything on PC, you have until Thursday
Link to both games is on epic store here. You can include games in your library directly via the web, but you need to download the Epic Games Launcher client to play. You have until 3. October.
Metro 2033 Redux is a modified version of the original game from 2010, adding both graphic and gameplay changes from the sequel to Last Light.
The story based on the book of the same name by Dmitry Gluchovsky is set in 2033 in Russia after the nuclear war. The Earth's surface as we know it no longer exists. Mankind had to resort to the ground, in our case, to the vast complexes of the Moscow Metro.
"Take the post-apocalyptic world and the distressing atmosphere from an unfamiliar environment, take on the vastness of the world and add a lot of spectacular scripts and action passages and tradááá: Metro 2033 is the world," we wrote on the Bonusweb in a period review.
Everything, by contrast, is a relaxing game-negame in a procedurally generated world that carries the message of The English writer and philosopher Alan Watts. A player can become anything from animals to trees to the planet.
You must have JavaScript support turned on to view the video.
For believers, the critical attitude is less pronounced. Aschauer argues that in Austria it is not a conflict between religions, but between cultures. According to the sociologist, dialogue and education could help dull polarization.
US President Donald Trump's administration is considering revoking chinese firms' permission to trade on stock markets in the United States. An informed source told Reuters today. Such a move would be a radical escalation of trade tensions between the US and China. Shares of the affected companies on the New York Stock Exchange immediately headed down after the report, dragging the entire market with them.
The stock withdrawal would be part of a broader effort to curb U.S. investment in China, the source added. He confirmed the Bloomberg report, which had caused shock to financial markets shortly before. Shares of Chinese firms Alibaba Group Holding, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Baidu, Vipshop Holdings, Baozun and IQIYI lost two to four percent.
According to government data from February, the shares of 156 Chinese companies are trading on the Us Exchanges Nasdaq and NYSE. There are also at least 11 state-owned enterprises.
Bloomberg pointed out that an exact mechanism has not yet been developed to secure the withdrawal of chinese companies' shares from US exchanges. Any plan would have to be approved by Trump, but he gave the green light to discuss the matter.
China and the US have been waging a trade war together for more than a year, imposing tariffs on each other. The dispute between the two countries has had negative effects on the world economy and raises fears of a global economy recession. Washington is using customs duties to force Beijing to change trade practices and reduce China's surplus in trade with the US.
According to CNBC television, us-China trade talks should resume on 10 December. October. His goal is to end the trade war.
Detectives from the National Center against Organised Crime provided evidence in this case in the second half of last November. For example, they were in the headquarters of the Ministry of Regional Development, in the headquarters of CzechTourism, at the autodrom in Most or in the agency Sport Invest. The service computer was also taken from the minister's apartment. The court search warrant for Dostálová, which was previously quoted by ct, stated that the Minister decided in 2016, when she was deputy, on czechtourism's expenses for the benefit of the chosen persons in an intermediary and outside the standard official procedure. Dostálová said at the time that she felt absolutely innocent, did not doubt, she can document everything and cooperate fully with the police.
According to E15, the brand dispute can take months and it can complicate the company's operations.
"The most important thing about Sabre is that it is a hybrid rocket and aircraft engine that is powered by a jet of exhaust gases generated from the air," says Shaun Driscoll of Reaction Engines. "Rockets haven't gone through such a big development in the last 70 years, whereas the aircraft ones have. So when you combine the engines, you can have a very light and efficient propulsion system and basically create a space plane," he added.
Soldiers rehearse, pull down the curtains. China prepares celebrations at the site of the massacre
The army has been rehearsing the game over recent weekends. Shops in central Beijing had to close, and residents near the square were ordered to close the curtains. Military vehicles rolled down the vacant streets and battle planes circled the sky.
"This is another milestone, another opportunity to show that the Chinese Communist Party remains (at the oars) despite all the predictions," said historian Maura Cunningham, who covers China. "It's a moment when the party can demonstrate order, control and power," she added.
The People's Republic of China was founded in 1949, when the Communists, led by Mao Zedong, won the battle against Chiang Kai-shek nationalists who retreated to Taiwan.
These included, for example, misrepresence of prices and non-compliance with the principles of fairness of sales.
In one case of discrimination, restaurants in Prague refuse to let smaller children into the business. According to the ČOI, he writes on his website that the device is not suitable for children under eight years of age. "When asked by the consumer whether it is possible to order a table for four adults and one child aged four in the restaurant, the restaurant employee replied electronically that they do not accept the presence of children under eight years of age in the restaurant," fröhlich added.
In the second case, another Prague company did not want to let Czech-speaking people at the table, while English-speaking allowed it. "Czech-speaking inspectors, in the position of consumer, were not allowed to sit at the table in the restaurant and place an order. English-speaking consumers were allowed to do this," a spokesman for the ČOI described the situation.
The engine is currently being tested, with test flights expected to begin around mid-next year. Commercial flights around 2030.
Kovosvit sells an office building and other halls. He expects worse times
Due to restructuring, Kovosvit ended last year with a consolidated loss of 100 million crowns, consolidated turnover was 1.3 billion. Last year's main problems include Kuchař's lack of staff and shifts in subcontractors. This year, the demand for machine tools fell, by 10 to 20 percent year on year. "Related to this is the expected decline in turnover of the order of ten percent," said the CEO. In 2017, Kovosvit had sales of 1.3 billion crowns and a profit after tax of 40.1 million. The loss for 2016 was 719 million.
Kovosvit exports about half of its production. Its standard markets are the EU and Russia, to a lesser extent Asia last year. This year, Kuchař ranks among the most interesting in India, where Kovosvit won an order for machines enabling five-axis machining worth 100 million crowns. This year, the company also exported two five-axis machines for 30 million crowns to China. "Another order in the same volume is being negotiated, which we would like to fulfill by the end of the year," Kuchař said. In the Russian market and elsewhere, Kovosvit is facing restrictions due to sanctions.
Last year, the company sold two five-axis machining centers to France, an Airbus subcontractor. It delivered another machine to her in May this year, and another one should be delivered at the end of the year or the beginning of 2020.
The main corporate investment this year was the transition of heating from steam to hot water for 20 million crowns. Kovosvit employs 500 people, the average working wage is 28,500 crowns. The company is looking for casting grinders for foundries, machine tools, lathes and electricians.
The company has been owned by industrialist and armourer Jaroslav Strnad since September 2016. The company has a tradition in the production of machine tools. It was founded in 1939 by Tomáš Baťa. The company once had up to three thousand employees.
Erdogan takes revenge for the coup, despite international criticism
In the forest near Petrovice near Měčín, which is about six kilometers from the place where the plane last reported, the helicopter crew noticed the wreckage before nine o'clock in the morning. "We found a plane and two bodies without signs of life," Korand confirmed.
The Toyota Mirai should never be just a concept. Toyota took it so seriously that even though there was virtually no hydrogen infrastructure in the world, it still put it on offer. So not to a completely standard, the customer had to really go for this car on purpose, but no one else offered such a variant at the time.
It remains to be remembered that, like Toyota, Hyundai also believes in hydrogen propulsion, which now also offers the Nexo hydrogen crossover.
Line D will be supervised by a new metro architect, bringing experience from the London Underground
The Prague Transport Company has chosen an architect who will oversee the design of the metropolitan metro. From October, Anna Švarc will become her, her primary task will be the appearance of the new line D, but the existing station will also be in charge. According to her, the metro cannot be seen only as a transport structure, traveling by underground should also bring an aesthetic experience.
The Czech architect, who participated in, for example, the reconstruction of three London Underground stations, won a tender announced by the Prague Transport Company (DPP).
"I have ideas about how the metro will change, how the space will improve, but I will only find out how it will actually take place in the coming weeks, when a transport company will introduce me to its ideas," says Švarc.
Whether a similar tool is also a way to improve public space in the Prague metro is a question. The Prague metro is specific. "I really don't know yet if the manual is ideal or if a personality can cover it," Švarc concludes.
The Income Tax Act allows companies to pay a maximum of 55 percent of the price of a meal voucher. The remaining part is paid by the employees, in some cases they are also paid by the employer, but without a tax rebate. The best value of a meal voucher for employees and employers this year is CZK 123.
And where are the spectators? Doha cannot be London
Giant banners on the walls of skyscrapers in Doha invite you to "the biggest sporting event of 2019". However, fears about how dignified her scenery will be are growing.
"Tickets for the finish line are sold out for all evenings," say the organizers.
But that's too little.
According to surveys, about half of all Czechs who go abroad have become accustomed to paying directly with a card. The main reasons include comfort, security, but also the opportunity to use travel insurance, which is often associated with a payment card.
Travelers in almost every corner of the world can appreciate the convenience of paying by card. This is especially true in popular tourist destinations, but today credit cards are accepted almost everywhere. "People who travel more often, for example for work, do not have time to go to exchange offices repeatedly to exchange cash. And even 'holidaymakers' do not want to rely on cash being enough for them. In addition, some foreign currencies do not even have Czech banks or exchange offices. For the NEO account, we therefore solved this so that its users can withdraw cash from all ATMs free of charge, wherever they are, "says Kateřina Petko, Marketing and Communications Director and Spobank CZ Spokeswoman.
In addition, a payment card is a much more reliable way to avoid losing your money than cash. When losing a full wallet, its owner no longer has to wait for the money he carried in it. However, if he loses only his payment card, he can easily block it immediately over the phone or via internet banking. He does not have to suffer any financial loss at all when acting quickly. "In addition to reliable protection, keeping money in a bank account has other advantages. For example, the NEO account has an interest rate of 1.6% per year, which is one of the highest among current and savings accounts. It is set up and managed completely online without having to visit a branch. In addition, the money in the bank account is insured up to 100,000 euros and account maintenance is completely free, "adds Kateřina Petko.
Hundreds of medics from abroad study in the Czech Republic, who could stay and work here. A pediatric clinic in Prague's Motol tried to obtain some of them.
According to Vladimír Řepka, a spokesman for the office, the Ministry of Justice has received six requests in this connection so far and is now analyzing them. The young man was imprisoned for two years for assaulting a woman, but the judiciary eventually acquitted him.
The appeal in the case was not filed by both the Supreme State Attorney Pavel Zeman and the Minister of Justice Marie Benešová.
At first, the hairdresser did not recognize him as the aggressor during the interrogation, but later described Nečesaný as an attacker. According to forensic experts, she suffered from memory loss after the attack.
The upper gallery of the Khalifa Stadium, with a total capacity of 40,000 spectators, is already covered with brightly colored tarpaulins, which also display the flags of the 209 participating countries. Athletics has set out in Qatar for an area where it has no roots, despite the annual Diamond League meeting.
The organizers have now set themselves the goal of filling the uncovered portions of the stands at least half full. That is why, according to sources in the British newspaper Giuardian, they are reportedly (though the organizers themselves deny it) giving away free tickets to migrants who work here as workers, as well as to children. Which Sebastian Coe, the head of the IAAF athletics association, can also comment positively: "This is how we can inspire the next generations."
Rich Qatar has won world championships in handball and cycling in the past, after athletics comes football in 2022. The financial offers of an oil power will always be lucrative even for rich sports federations. That is the reality of today's sports world.
But even if we accept it and ignore the absence of fans in the stadium, we cannot help but feel a genuinely sporting sigh that the IAAF leaders should have timed the experiment with the first outdoor world championship for athletes in the Arabian Peninsula better - and for a different year. The extreme late deadline, imposed by the climate, disrupts the entire schematic of the pre-Olympic season, and thus the preparation for the pivotal Olympic season, which would normally begin for athletes in October.
Perhaps Qatar will make up for this with at least the technological innovations with which it promises an ultra-modern and attractive championship. Isn't it just 37 degrees? Already, the stadium's surface is artificially air-conditioned to 24 degrees. And advanced cameras, embedded directly in the blocks, are designed to show even television viewers in detail what is happening in athletes in the hundredths of a second before and just after the starter's shot.
Neckermann cancels all flights, five hundred Czech clients involved
"The Czech company Thomas Cook, s. r. o., operating under the business name Neckermann Cestovní kancelář, has not filed for insolvency," Šrámek said in a press release.
"CK Neckermann is, however, forced to continue cancelling the scheduled departures of its clients," he added, adding that this currently applies to all departures from 26 September to 6 October.
The travel agency admitted that some clients were asked to pay for their stay. "In such a case, it is necessary that clients immediately contact CK Neckermann's SOS line," added Šrámek.
Thomas Cook's bankruptcy occurred on Monday. In August this year, the travel agency entered into an agreement under which creditors were to inject £900 million into the company.
Greater transparency in the selection procedures for posts in state-owned companies - this is one of the goals of the nomination law. 119 MPs voted in favour. The law passed thanks to the votes of ANO, KSČM, Social Democrats and even Pirates, for example.
Candidates for state-owned companies will have to undergo a selection procedure before a government committee. For example, Pirates were trying to make the recommendation to the minister binding. This failed in the end.
The Civic Democrats and SPD movement fear that the nomination law will play into the hands of ministers. "The minister will newly be able to hide behind a decision of the commission and will not have a clear transparent responsibility," thinks SPD chairman Tomio Okamura. ODS deputy chairman Martin Kupka speaks similarly.
The Governmental Committee should completely reject candidates who do not meet the conditions. These will include criminal integrity, debt-free status, minimum age of 25, and professional competence should be the main selection criterion.
The bill will have to go through the Senate and then be signed by the President.
Simona Krainová: Fuck the Age! Then she kissed Lucie Bílá!
The day before the christening of the Fuck The Age calendar, Simona Krainová posted her last pictures of herself naked! "I was a bit worried about people judging me for taking naked pictures at my age. I'm a rather shy person. But so far I have only positive reactions. I wanted to show women that when they want to, it's possible to have a solid figure at 46. Of course there's hard work and self-denial behind it, but there's no other way."
Brno Grand Prix
- Costs for the past five years: 686 million crowns
- Profits from the past five years: 682 million crowns
Šafránková threw her third attempt at 65.46 meters and fell nearly six meters short of her year's best, which she would have had to improve in order to advance. Maláčová jumped 435 cm, 450 cm was already beyond her strength. To participate in the final it was necessary to overcome the limit of 460 cm.
In addition to the XXX Lutz chain, XLCEE- Holding owns the Möbelix stores. If the Kika chain were also absorbed, it would occupy too large a part of the Czech furniture and accessories market. Therefore, it has to sell off part of the purchased company.
Microplastics reached the human intestines, the study confirmed for the first time
Scientists have confirmed several years of suspicion. The team, led by University of Vienna Professor Philippe Schwablo, published a study that proves for the first time the presence of microplastics in human stool. The study is small, with eight participants from Europe, Japan and Russia - however, in the samples of all the examined persons were found small particles of plastic with dimensions of between 50 and 500 micrometers. None of the eight subjects were vegetarian, six of them avoided sea fish, all drank water from plastic bottles and food packed in plastic.
And it would actually be kind of a miracle if nothing was found. We already knew that microplastics - which are produced either directly, for example for the needs of the cosmetic industry, or arise from the disintegration of larger pieces - are present in marine animals, insects, tap water and soda; in short, everywhere on the planet. Thus, their entry into the digestive tract of a person is only officially confirmed. About 20 microplastic particles accounted for ten grams of stool, and scientists estimate that more than half of the world's population will have them.
Lay and scientific awareness, of course, suspects that this is not good. However, mankind still does not know how bad it is - and what effect microplastics have on "host" organisms. Small particles can reach the bloodstream or the lymphatic system and end up, for example, in the liver. "This is the first ever study of its kind and confirmed what we have long thought. Now that we have the first evidence of the occurrence of microplastics in the human body, we need to continue to investigate what exactly this means for human health," says Schwabl.
Some states have already taken restrictions and other measures, Kenya, for example - under the threat of draconian punishments - has banned plastic bags. The European Commission is considering small bans (a well-known straw), with the domestic Ministry of the environment heading in the same direction. But critics say such measures are nice, but completely inadequate.
Only boys. We don't have reproduction, but we don't have to worry
Some words have unfortunate connotations, though they only convey the state of things. They include the word only child. It refers to a child growing up without siblings, but does not sound neutral. "You know, an only child," they say, without much to add. Interestingly, this trait is borne by the" only child " from a time when terms such as the demographic crisis were not widely used.
Today, even people outside the scientific community know that to ensure the simple reproduction of the population is necessary fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman. It is also widely known that no state achieves this value in Europe today. France or Sweden are close to it at most, but the simple reproduction rate of the inhabitants of Europe is not guaranteed by the states. (Within the West, Israel alone has a total fertility rate of 3.1 babies per woman.) It's a situation made for alarmism. It's no surprise, therefore, that the minister for Labour and social affairs, Maláčová, is failing him: "only children are almost as many as two-child families," she said in an interview with the LNP. But she neglected the devil hidden in detail.
Yes, it is good to draw attention to the problem instead of downplaying or ideologizing it. Like Germany, where the campaign for more children is easy to get a fascination sticker(in the style of "so was Hitler"). It's good to be reminded that many couples are just plotting. It is good if politicians show a willingness to remove the obstacles that lead to those decisions (such as a weak expansion of work from home discourages women from further pregnancies). But despite all this, let's draw attention to one thing.
If Minister Maláčová says that" there are almost so many singles", there is demagoguery in this. That statement was made twenty years ago. Recall that fertility in the Czech Republic last provided simple reproduction in 1980 ("Husák's children"). It then fell to a formidable 1.14 in 2000. But it has since risen nearly fifty per cent, to the current 1.70 per woman, above the European average. It is not enough for simple reproduction yet, so the activity of politicians is appropriate. Only with that alarmism can they diminish a little.
Costa Rica is a champion in the fight against climate change
Costa Rica boasts nearly thirty national parks.
The density of afforestation also contributes to reducing emissions. Rain forests with diverse fauna and flora, covering more than half of the territory of the country, they are also one of the main tourist draws. "Costa Rica is a pioneer in the field of conservation and gives an example to other states in the region, but also around the world. Climate change requires urgent action from all of us," the UN said in a statement.
Five years ago disappeared 43 college students in Ayotzinapa, despite extensive investigation has thus far failed to case clarify. The students were reportedly detained by police in the Mexican state of Guerrero. It is not exactly clear what happened next, according to the investigation, but the students probably ended up in the hands of a local syndicate, and were subsequently killed and burned, according to the agency APTN.
A memorial parade was held in Mexico's capital on Thursday, with families expressing frustration that they are still unable to find answers and explain the disappearance of their children.
But the mostly peaceful march was disrupted by smaller groups of vandals destroying everything in their path. Vandals destroyed shops and hotels, did not shield themselves or destroy monuments, set fires around the city and drained Windows.
More than 142 people have been detained as part of the investigation, but none have been convicted. Many of them had to be released because she was violated of their human rights, investigators say the suspects tortured the following APTN.
Babis called for security cooperation at Terror Victims ' Memorial
Prime Minister Andrei Babiš and wife Monica visited 27. September 2019 in New York a monument to the terrorist attacks of 11. September 2001 Ground Zero.
"We need to remember what happened here, the horror," Babish said. U.S. attack of 11. in September 2001, the prime minister called for the United Nations to cooperate in a unified campaign against international terrorism. In addition to destroying the World Trade Center skyscrapers, the terrorists then crashed a hijacked plane into a Defense Department building in Washington and planned another strike on a target in Washington, possibly the White House or Congress. But the plane crashed when passengers confronted the hijackers.
Technology companies want to rule our cities
The app will help equip workshops. For points earned by movement
Equip the timber workshop of the Hodonín integrated school with new hand tools. This can now be earned by anyone who downloads the EPP app on their phones.
